[music]
what's going on somebody I'm your husband ben
we on this 14 had an accident every morning
you can't remember
recall
whole picture
this is a doctor but you hardly remember me but
don't worry
we work for you according to me
relationship with patients against the rules
meeting in secret from your husband I ask
you keep a video diary to record everything
my memories my name is kristin
lukas as soon as i fall asleep
all that I know will disappear from my memory
I was kept here before the bidding on not believing
what can you survive all the truth begins
pain sometimes i just don’t grab
she is without clothes covered in grass and
and nobody knows no one but you
it's not just you
I want you to feel good
I
[music]
I have to remember everything